boss
Oh, Chen Hao, can you?
Started hanging out with the local gangster boss
Who am I hanging out with?
Useful and broken
Wait a minute.
Black tiger, right?
You recognize him as the boss
It's just for him
Do you have a marriage contract in your hand?
But I'll tell you what.
Won't you marry him at night?
You saved Wan Wan
I thank you very much.
But if you want to use Wan
Get ahead in the name of Wan
I advise you not to be delusional
A big man
A woman like you
Is there any treat from Li Xiu's sense of shame?
How can you talk to him like that?
Do you still want to be a god?
I just can't stand him relying on a woman to be his power
It looks like a blessing
Qianghao heard that you bought a villa here?
Villa, a set of villas here is at least tens of millions
You can't afford a meal
Can you afford that?
Hey, hey, hey.
What are you talking about? Dr. Chen is my savior
I gave a villa as a thank you gift
What's the problem?
self-righteous
I never will
Are you Chen Hao?